Migrate docs to docs.nginx.com (#1226)
nginxinc/nginx-gateway-fabric: site/content/how-to/monitoring/troubleshooting.md

---
title: "Troubleshooting"

weight: 200
toc: true
docs: "DOCS-000"
---

{{< custom-styles >}}

> This topic describes possible issues users might encounter when using Instance Manager. When possible, suggested workarounds are provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This topic describes possible issues users might encounter when using NGINX Gateway Fabric. When possible, suggested workarounds are provided.
```
